Hey welcome to cooking with Steve and
Jerry today we're going to show you how
to make actual onion rings gonna bread
it tastes like and yet you're not okay
with the chef the chef put on you today
but we're gonna we're going to show you
how to make onion rings that tastes like
just like what you get at an actual
absolute place we can't name them but
not popular they'll be better anyway
much better cheers Cheers what you're
going to need for this recipe it's
pretty simple you need onions don't put
them in your eyes eat all fry because
it'll hurt you it done up all right an
egg and egg anyway you're going to need
1 and 1/4 cups of flour
that's not wanting 2/3 by the way that's
one on one recorder and we're going to
need 1 cup of milk to go on with the egg
breadcrumbs and a deep fryer set to 365
degrees Fahrenheit however if you don't
have a deep fryer you can probably get
away with doing this in a really big pot
full of oil you could have a fire
extinguisher have the fume hood on and
make sure you have a first aid kit and a
birthday kit booberella cheers Cheers
all right ok so first thing you're going
to want to do is take a sharp knife and
an onion and you're going to want to
slice this onion but a quarter-inch
thick all the way down don't stick your
face too close because you will cry
quarter-inch thick about after that
you're going to want to separate them
into rings door this is a very fun job
that's why they're called onion rings
and not I mean onion pucks onion are
they making you cry yes
onions completely separated the onions
are done all right
so what we're going to need a cup and a
quarter of plain white flour you can get
it from the food bank
and you put that in a mixing bowl okay
with that we're going to take a heaping
teaspoon of baking soda baking powder
baking powder cos I messed that up too
baking powder and a teaspoon of salt and
it goes any old salt will do okay and
we'll mix that all up it looks nice
you did wash your hands right you got to
take those onion rings and coat them in
that flour mixture is we are going to
teaching next step okay all right so
onions oops
onions we're putting a bowl with a lid
and we shook him up and coated them in
flour mixture and stuff like that so now
we're just going to take them out of the
flour and don't have another bowl that
has no flowering next step we take our 1
cup of milk
we take our cockadoodledoo and we
normally would throw the eggshell at
Steve but we'll put it you mean compost
comedy death with a man yeah egg beater
if you don't have one of these buy one
there a dollar or use a fork or use a
fork we're actually going to pour it
into the bowl with our flour mixture
move hell yeah I like sound effects
and we're going to take our egg beater
that we used and we're going to just dip
it up so it's kind of like pancake
batter
yes it is your honor next up now we're
going to pour this batter and we hung
this bowl full of onions yep all right
so you've got your onions in your batter
in the bowl now you've got to mix them
up and coat all the onions which is this
is so fun
all right now you got your onions coated
in this batter and it's ready to go into
the breadcrumbs Chuck a man's read them
up so I can hear it right now it wants
some onion rings in there a little bit
anyway you can gauge by your deep fryer
or boiling pot of oil as your financial
circumstances may allow but we can throw
in our onion segments into the deep
fryer we're going to drop them right so
don't forget when you're cooking your
onion rings in your deep fryer pot full
of oil whatever you gotta flip these bad
boys because they'll only cook on one
side why is that because they float
Steve so this is what your end product
is going to look like nice crispy Goldie
brown onion room onion ring that's right
yeah making onion rings beers
well that sounds crunchy they all sound
so crunchy very crunchy right on and you
can season these bad boys up if you want
with the lowest for most form of
seasoned salt it doesn't even have a
company
it's just seasoning salt which is
already the lowest form of seasoning but
you end up with these drive-in fast food
restaurant style crispy onion rings and
these have been out of the deep fryer
for a bit but watch this see see how
catching crunch yes I want this in now
nice 10 minutes after being deep-fried
those things crunch